​​​ ​Div: What am I even supposed to do?​ ​​
​​​ ​Everyone avoids me now because of the rumors.​ ​​
​​​ ​I just can't make interesting content alone.​ ​​
​​​ ​Not to mention, those two have been useless lately,​ ​​
​​​ ​I can't just keep reusing them.​ ​​
​​​ ​Huh.​ ​​
​​​ ​Building, redstone, mining, pvp,​ ​​
​​​ ​We've got you covered,​ ​​
​​​ ​We do any work for the right price,​ ​​
​​​ ​Visit us at..​ ​​
​​​ ​Twilight Zone.​ ​​
​​​ ​Any work?​ ​​
​​​ ​Yup, these are the right coordinates.​ ​​
​​​ ​Just gotta hope this isn't a trap or anything.​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, c-​ ​​
​​​ ​Can you like-​ ​​
​​​ ​Can you get out of here,​ ​​
​​​ ​For a bit?​ ​​
​​​ ​Just-​ ​​
​​​ ​Just go-​ ​​
​​​ ​Go somewhere else.​ ​​
​​​ ​No, I sa-​ ​​
​​​ ​I said go, like,​ ​​
​​​ ​get-​ ​​
​​​ ​Leave,​ ​​
​​​ ​Shoo.​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh my god.​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright.​ ​​
​​​ ​Let me uh,​ ​​
​​​ ​Let me see what this is all about.​ ​​
​​​ ​I swear, if I walk through this door,​ ​​
​​​ ​And I get Judelowed,​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm never playing on this server again.​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey...​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, this is a-​ ​​
​​​ ​This is a nice, cozy place you guys got here.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Oh, hello?​ ​​
​​​ ​Can I uh..​ ​​
​​​ ​Help you?​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Hey,​ ​​
​​​ ​You-​ ​​
​​​ ​You guys do uh..​ ​​
​​​ ​You guys do work for payment, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Oh, yeah!​ ​​
​​​ ​From building, to redstone, to...​ ​​
​​​ ​Assassinations...​ ​​
​​​ ​*cough*​ ​​
​​​ ​We do anything you want, if given the right price.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Oh, okay, well what about like..​ ​​
​​​ ​What about more..​ ​​
​​​ ​Unconventional requests...​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: An unconventional what?​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Well, it's kinda hard to explain,​ ​​
​​​ ​I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I kinda need like,​ ​​
​​​ ​Uh...​ ​​
​​​ ​Well you see it's,​ ​​
​​​ ​*clears throat*​ ​​
​​​ ​It's like-​ ​​
​​​ ​It's like,​ ​​
​​​ ​It's-​ ​​
​​​ ​It's stuff for...​ ​​
​​​ ​Content.​ ​​
​​​ ​It's-​ ​​
​​​ ​It's content stuff,​ ​​
​​​ ​You probably wouldn't know, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Ah, I mean there was that one time,​ ​​
​​​ ​Someone paid us to sing Mask - Dream in their video.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Okay, so..​ ​​
​​​ ​*breath*​ ​​
​​​ ​Okay, the payment cannot be that good,​ ​​
​​​ ​Why would you agree to that.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Oh.​ ​​
​​ ​Why would you agree to that.​ ​​
​​​ ​Why would you agree to that.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Oh,​ ​​
​​​ ​uhh,​ ​​
​​​ ​We don't disclose customer order details.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Right, of course,​ ​​
​​​ ​I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I understand, yeah.​ ​​
​​​ ​Um, anyways, so I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I'd like to make an order,​ ​​
​​​ ​If that's alright with you.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: O-​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, sure!​ ​​
​​​ ​And what was your name?​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: My name,​ ​​
​​​ ​Right, um..​ ​​
​​​ ​*thinking* I gotta think of some random,​ ​​
​​​ ​stupid sounding username..​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy5​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy53​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy538​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy5389​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy53892​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Wait a second..​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Wwwwhat.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Uh, I got a code red,​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Code red down at the front door.​ ​​
​​ ​Div: Whoa, okay, can we backtrack,​ ​​
​​​ ​Code red,​ ​​
​​ ​For a second here?​ ​​
​​​ ​Please?​ ​​
​​ ​oh-​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Alright we really don't need to do-​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh,​ ​​
​​​ ​Uh, okay.​ ​​
​​​ ​I see how it is.​ ​​
​​​ ​Well you guys really got like,​ ​​
​​​ ​Matching armor trims and everything too,​ ​​
​​​ ​Wow.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Uh, can I get a manager?​ ​​
​​​ ​To the front?​ ​​
​​​ ​Please?​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Manager-​ ​​
​​​ ​You guys have a manager?​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Alright, what's going on.​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh, it's THIS guy.​ ​​
​​​ ​There's like,​ ​​
​​​ ​Ten of us in the base right now,​ ​​
​​​ ​Why haven't you killed him yet?​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright I- I just came here to talk,​ ​​
​​​ ​Why are we jumping onto the idea of murder?​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: We probably will,​ ​​
​​​ ​If you stay here any longer.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: I LITERALLY came here to do business with you guys,​ ​​
​​​ ​Can you,​ ​​
​​​ ​Hear me out for a second?​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: We don't SERVE terrorists.​ ​​
​​​ ​We have super strict rules when it comes to our work.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Kay-​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm not a-​ ​​
​​​ ​Not a terrorist.​ ​​
​​​ ​Soda: So, then I was like, ew, and-​ ​​
​​​ ​Soda: *gasp*​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey, wait,​ ​​
​​​ ​You're the guy that killed me earlier.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Whoa woah woah,​ ​​
​​​ ​Ho-​ ​​
​​​ ​Hold on,​ ​​
​​​ ​Hold on a second, I didn't​ ​​
​​​ ​ehe-​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: You killed Soda?​ ​​
​​ ​I didn't-​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: No,​ ​​
​​​ ​No-​ ​​
​​​ ​I didn't-​ ​​
​​​ ​I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I don't know what they're talking about.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: You guys DO realize,​ ​​
​​​ ​The kill message showed up in chat,​ ​​
​​​ ​Not even like, 2 hours ago, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​There's no hiding it, Div,​ ​​
​​​ ​You just straight up killed Soda.​ ​​
​​​ ​Doskal: Wait, Div?​ ​​
​​​ ​I thought his name was like,​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy5​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy55​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy556​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy5562​ ​​
​​​ ​Jeremy5562 or something.​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh-​ ​​
​​​ ​Oh,​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah.​ ​​
​​​ ​Okay,​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah,​ ​​
​​​ ​I'll just...​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah...​ ​​
​​​ ​Yeah.​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: You seriously think that we're gonna serve you now?​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Stop,​ ​​
​​​ ​Okay?​ ​​
​​​ ​I have-​ ​​
​​​ ​I have a lot of money.​ ​​
​​​ ​I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I can pay you guys a lot.​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: I don't care how much you have-​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Wait, shut up.​ ​​
​​​ ​How much do you have.​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: What?​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Well, I mean,​ ​​
​​​ ​Here, you can-​ ​​
​​​ ​You can see for yourself.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: *chuckles*​ ​​
​​​ ​Well I mean,​ ​​
​​​ ​That IS a lot...​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: Hello?​ ​​
​​​ ​Are we gonna ignore the fact that he killed Soda?​ ​​
​​​ ​Soda: And all my stuff despawned before I could get back to my house.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Yo, listen.​ ​​
​​​ ​We NEED the funding.​ ​​
​​​ ​Ever since they made Simply admin,​ ​​
​​​ ​Mining has been IMPOSSIBLE without being accused of xray.​ ​​
​​​ ​Our orders got cut in half.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sugar: Wait,​ ​​
​​​ ​Didn't we just get paid like a stack of diamonds,​ ​​
​​​ ​For building that creeper farm yesterday?​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Okay, so first off,​ ​​
​​​ ​Only FOUR of us built that,​ ​​
​​​ ​There is no WE here.​ ​​
​​​ ​Second, we split it four ways,​ ​​
​​​ ​Which only makes 16,​ ​​
​​​ ​That doesn't even make us a singular armor set.​ ​​
​​​ ​What's in this shulker can feed you guys for the next 2 months.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sugar: 16 diamonds is enough to make a full toolset though!​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Please stop talking.​ ​​
​​​ ​Pork: I don't wanna do business with him,​ ​​
​​​ ​If he's not gonna have a shred of remorse,​ ​​
​​​ ​For blatantly murdering Soda.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Okay, look.​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm sorry.​ ​​
​​​ ​Okay?​ ​​
​​​ ​From the bottom of my heart,​ ​​
​​​ ​I really am.​ ​​
​​​ ​I just-​ ​​
​​​ ​I needed to borrow some items for my video.​ ​​
​​​ ​You guys-​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm assuming at least,​ ​​
​​​ ​Some of you probably make videos on this server, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Well the whole reason for our group is to make videos out of it.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Right?​ ​​
​​​ ​I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I didn't,​ ​​
​​​ ​Wanna kill Soda,​ ​​
​​​ ​I guess, I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I just wasn't thinking.​ ​​
​​​ ​Alright, I-​ ​​
​​​ ​I've been a little tight on content,​ ​​
​​​ ​And...​ ​​
​​​ ​It looks like you guys are too.​ ​​
​​​ ​You guys gotta understand, right?​ ​​
​​​ ​I'm sorry.​ ​​
​​​ ​It won't happen again.​ ​​
​​​ ​Soda: I don't forgive you,​ ​​
​​​ ​But I do wanna get paid,​ ​​
​​​ ​So we should do this.​ ​​
​​​ ​Pork: I don't know,​ ​​
​​​ ​How about you go ask Sorta and Dekas.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: You guys,​ ​​
​​​ ​You-​ ​​
​​​ ​You guys should really think about this one.​ ​​
​​​ ​You know, it's a really good idea.​ ​​
​​​ ​Just, think about it.​ ​​
​​ ​Dekas: I don't like him.​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: I don't like him.​ ​​
​​​ ​A lot.​ ​​
​​ ​Dekas: I don't like him.​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: I don't like him.​ ​​
​​​ ​I REALLY don't like him.​ ​​
​​​ ​He's,​ ​​
​​​ ​Probably gonna make us do some crappy job or something.​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: Okay, whatever he's gonna ask,​ ​​
​​​ ​Cannot be THAT bad.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: What was that?​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: It's not just a me thing here.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: Why'd he just?​ ​​
​​​ ​Sorta: I want all of you to get paid.​ ​​
​​​ ​And i'm willing to put up with him to do it.​ ​​
​​​ ​Div: I see you doing that.​ ​​
​​ ​And i'm willing to put up with him to do it.​ ​​
​​​ ​Soo, is it a yes, a no, or...​ ​​
​​​ ​Dekas: Okay,​ ​​
​​​ ​What do you even want us to do, exactly.​ ​​
​​​ ​Well it's pretty simple-​ ​​
​​​ ​Hey-​ ​​
​​​ ​HEY​ ​​
​​​ ​I TOLD YOU NOT TO GO OVER HERE-​ ​​
​​​ ​​​ ​​